Update README.md (#2)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react-tutorials: README.md

This repository contains the source code for the Sendbird UIKit React tutorials.

> Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source codes you should have before integrating Sendbird UIKit through the tutorial. On the other hand, the `after` folder contains the source codes after completing the integration.

Author: ```suggestion
Each folder contains the source code for the tutorial at the specific stage. The `before` folder contains the source codes you should have before the tutorial. On the other hand, the `after` folder contains the source codes after completing the application.
```
